com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Offline/OfflineScannerActivityV2.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineScannerActivityV2
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineScannerActivityV2$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineScannerActivityV2$1$1
com/example/CARPOOL/IoTDevices/Device.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.IoTDevices.Device
com/example/CARPOOL/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.RegisterActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.RegisterActivity$2
com/example/CARPOOL/RoomAndPolicy/Room.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.RoomAndPolicy.Room
com/example/CARPOOL/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.BuildConfig
com/example/CARPOOL/MainActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.MainActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.MainActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.MainActivity$2
 com.example.CARPOOL.MainActivity$3
 com.example.CARPOOL.MainActivity$4
com/example/CARPOOL/ErrorActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.ErrorActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.ErrorActivity$1
com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Online/ScannerActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.ScannerActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.ScannerActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.ScannerActivity$1$1
com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Online/AudioActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.AudioActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.AudioActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.AudioActivity$2
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/CreateMessage.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.CreateMessage
com/example/CARPOOL/Bluetooth/BluetoothProcedure.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.Bluetooth.BluetoothProcedure
 com.example.CARPOOL.Bluetooth.BluetoothProcedure$ConnectThread
 com.example.CARPOOL.Bluetooth.BluetoothProcedure$ConnectedThread
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/CryptoUtils.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.CryptoUtils
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.CryptoUtils$1
com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Offline/OfflineLEbeaconActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineLEbeaconActivity
com/example/CARPOOL/IoTDevices/BLEDevice.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.IoTDevices.BLEDevice
com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Offline/OfflineBluetoothPairedActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineBluetoothPairedActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineBluetoothPairedActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Offline.OfflineBluetoothPairedActivity$2
com/example/CARPOOL/RoomAndPolicy/ReadRP.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.RoomAndPolicy.ReadRP
com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Online/LEbeaconActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.LEbeaconActivity
com/example/CARPOOL/IoTDevices/PairedBLDevice.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.IoTDevices.PairedBLDevice
com/example/CARPOOL/DeviceHandlers/Online/BluetoothPairedActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.BluetoothPairedActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.BluetoothPairedActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.DeviceHandlers.Online.BluetoothPairedActivity$2
com/example/CARPOOL/IoTDevices/VisualDevice.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.IoTDevices.VisualDevice
com/example/CARPOOL/IoTDevices/AudioDevice.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.IoTDevices.AudioDevice
com/example/CARPOOL/TryForInternetActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.TryForInternetActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.TryForInternetActivity$1
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/NetworkUtils.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.NetworkUtils
com/example/CARPOOL/PolicyStart.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.PolicyStart
com/example/CARPOOL/Bluetooth/EddystoneActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.Bluetooth.EddystoneActivity
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/EndProcedure.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.EndProcedure
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/LoginProcedure.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.LoginProcedure
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/RegisterProcedure.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.RegisterProcedure
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/JnIDProcedure.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.JnIDProcedure
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/RedboxProcedure.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.RedboxProcedure
com/example/CARPOOL/SyncAddrActivity.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.SyncAddrActivity
 com.example.CARPOOL.SyncAddrActivity$1
 com.example.CARPOOL.SyncAddrActivity$1$1
com/example/CARPOOL/CommunicationUtils/UDPClient.java
 com.example.CARPOOL.CommunicationUtils.UDPClient
